[Music]
i love my life
i love you so much gary i'll never
forget the day we met
hello little snail what's your name gary
huh
do you want to be friends me
too gary i'm home
gary bear gary
oh gary have you seen gary no nope
nope gary's been snail mapped
[Music]
get ready for the ultimate rescue
mission
you're fired danny trejo snoop dogg
tiffany haddish seriously i'm
floundering up here
and keanu reeves call me sage
i'm made out of sage and i am a sage so
it works out pretty well
see how the gang all met
[Music]
little dude and experience spongebob's
biggest adventure ever
sorry saves them patrick what are you
doing
free food
the all-new spongebob movie sponge on
the run premiering march 4th
rented from these digital stores also
streaming on paramount plus